Welcome back.
And this house, We're going to create a starter website that
we will modify to become our final product.
So go ahead and switch to the command.
Prompt eso We're going to minimize this.
Um, you can just minimus everything on your that's top.
I want you to double click this command palms right here
on your desktop mixtures.
You know, activating this one down below.
Test the surfer process for a final product.
So we're going to start a new command part.
Um, So I want you to start, um, going typing with me,
We're going to change our to actually Teoh gas problem.
Okay, so and then we're going to use, um this dual and p x
create cash react.
Yeah. And then, um so we're just going to use a test name?
Um, speakers I want to see.
I want you to see how this process works.
So go ahead and hit.
Enter and you'll see.
You see this start running and selling to generate
a website, so this can take a while.
This can I think on this machine, it takes about 2.5 minutes.
I just want you to see a few a few seconds of it.
I'm not gonna have you sit in, um, way 2.5 minutes.
So I really created a start.
A website for you.
So let's go ahead.
And cancer this Let's hit control.
C terminated batch job and just tape.
Yes, table.
Why? And then hit.
Enter. Okay, so I want you to see what happens when
it's finished.
You will see the screen right here.
And it looked like this.
I will say happy hacking.
And then you'll get this.
You command prompt back.
That's when you're done.
Um OK, so let's minimize this again and go back to this, um,
command prompt.
So I already created the Webster that we need for you.
So all you have to do is so it is called photo Journal.
It's on the desktop.
That is a photo under their stop.
So all you have to do is type NPM stopped.
Actually, you know what we have to change into the directory
Defensive less Resco CD folk.
Oh, journal.
Remember, You can drag my side of the screen, could see more.
You can't So would do that.
And then now we can do N p m stopped, Nuggets will start
the reactor Web server for our website that's called Photo
Journal that we created.
So why don't you hit that?
It will start running, and then it will launch a Web browser
and show the, uh, the website that we this process created
for you.
That's the starter.
So just wait a few seconds.
So if your side of the screen is sticking longer than, um,
what it takes in my lecture, you can just pass my video
and resume and it shows up.
So this is what you will see.
It will open up a new tap in your Web browser, and this is
the kind of with the starter website that it created for you.
You can tell this apart from our finished product, it says
Finished photo journal.
Just so you don't get confused, the one that sits react apt
would be the one we will be working on in this cross.
Okay, so it's kind of nice.
It just created this skeleton for you.
Let's see underneath what mix up of this.
So just remember that react is a programming language
and react webpages needs to be served.
And unlike any html files.
They knocked a static tax file that you can just pop
into a weapons.
Er so which is why we have that web server process running
the command prompt.
So we just keep it running to vote this cross.
And in case you accidentally closed this tap, you can just
open up a new tappin type local host cold
in 3000 and will play get back up.
So let's see how all this works.
So let's go over here to Adam.
Tax Editor, Click on this screen icon on the bottom of your
screen.
So we're going to add that, uh, project that we just create
the Webb said we just created as a project photo, um,
onto Adam so you can right click on the left side off athm
and then seal act at Project Photo.
And then now our project is on Desktops of scorpion.
Double click on their stop.
Um, and then it is photo journal Just could see like that
and sets a lack photo down here, and it will add it to you.
Adam Tax Editor.
So the first fire we're going to look at its under SRC
the source sub folders So go ahead and open that, um I want
you to select index dot Js Double click on that.
And who opened up on this out of the screen.
So now this is a Java script, remember?
Overreact, Ace JavaScript.
Um, so this is a Java script file, but it is, um, using the
react framework.
So we have to up.
We have to import it first.
You can see it's up, is it?
It's imported up here.
Um, and then it does.
It's imported a bunch of other things packages a swell.
So down here, this is calling a reactor function called
render, and it just renders this section off Js x to the Web
browser that asked for it.
Um, Jess XX JavaScript ext XML.
And a lot of time in Reiko.
We will use it to render X TML coat because their form
it's are very similar.
So inside we have this component here called ap AP P So let's
go look at that.
So we, um we look at a p p dot Js Right here.
Um, so you can see that app.
It's a functional component because it's that function.
So this is a were component and it returns this section
off a J s X two, which makes up off the website that we just
saw. You can see the logo here.
That which is that nuclear symbol You cannot.
So we're going to modify it and see what happens.
So let's change the P.
You can just type along.
When I'm doing this, we can do it together.
So let's change the P to the ivy and then this one down
here, we're going to change it to close the I V.
And then what's inside a d i v inside of division?
That's the tax that we saw at it.
Ah, this file and, um hit save to reload.
So we're going to change it to what we want to say.
So we're going to it.
Delete this and we're going to add an H one.
Having it's will be ah website heading.
So remember, that's welcome to my photo, you know, and we'll
close this h one pack the London leave that we're just going
to after another x XT free.
We're going, Teoh, I'm going to type my name Weaken, type
your name or just make up any name you want.
So we're gonna close that extra attack.
We're also going to get rid of this whole section
of the attack.
We don't need that link.
Two for a website.
Okay, so this is all the modification we're going to do
for now.
So what you want to do is hit control.
Asked to save this whenever you see a blue dot up here, that
means you have changes that you have not safe in that tab.
So that's a good control ass that saved it.
Now, if you go over to chrome, you can see that the changes
already.
Um, in website eso Were it already changed to what we just
enter in atom, you do not have to have to have to hit refresh
most of the time.
And Adam and react because the server process actually, um
keeps an eye on all the files.
And so if it noticed any changes, it will just refresh our
website automatically.
So we are kind of act kind of works like that is it's pretty
automatic most of the time.
So you can see that how easy this we are already one step
closer to our final product and just really easy.
Teoh created Webster start a website and start modifying Teoh
to what we want at the end.
So, um, in the next house, we're going to change this, uh,
new clothes symbol to the banner image.
So I don't know if you remember and finished products.
That's a nice banner images.
So we're going to do that in our next task, So see you there.