Welcome back.
So when this Times, we're going to look at an overview
of what it's react before we dive into it.
So I'm going to disable your side of the screen just so I
can show you some black true Okay, so what?
It's react, react.
It's an open source, JavaScript library or framework that
is created by Facebook, Actually, and Facebook does use this
to manage their APP and website special handling data
presentation.
Such a assistance.
Webpages.
Um, it's not to be confused with React Native, which is used
for developing mobile APS.
Eso. There's also a phones feature called Virtual Dome that
facilities fast and possible screen update.
This is kind of a an advantage off using react.
So let me show you what that means.
De Om don't stands for document object model.
So it takes the ex GMO structure off in an oven extremo
document and just create this tree like structure so you can
see that the top Allen's got map into the top level elements.
And then what's inside of that?
There's another level, and that's what's inside off.
Uh, this tack, for example, right here, the source and all
attributes get mapping to another level off, adamant as well.
So you can kind of go into this tree like structure to add to
access any of the element in this tree.
Now what we act does is it has something got a virtual dom?
So it basically copied this structure into the memory off the
machine that it's running on, Um, when an element of the
screen gets updated.
So let's say we're changing this element right here.
Um, domed of react.
Well, first, compare what is in the memory and also what is
already on the screen and find a difference and update that
particular element under screen in set off, refreshing the
whole screen, which makes it a lot more efficient and very
fast. So the topics will be covering today would be Js X,
which is JavaScript X XML.
We'll talk about that more off that in a little bit.
I'm the 22 types of components that we will be using its ah
functional component and also class based components.
So components it's a big part of react.
So it's basically taking part of the screen presentation into
different components, kind of a different objects that we can
manage individually.
Eso functional component.
You can think of them as kind of the kind of life last
destabilised.
It's a snapshot of things.
It's a one off.
So let's say you want to do something with a particular set
of values.
You just use the functional components and they're kind of
simple.
The cost base components are kind of like objects they have
states.
They're more like an object oriented approach.
They also have something called lifecycle hooks, which get
cause and they have.
These objects have life cycles.
They kind of like alive.
If you can think of it that way, we'll look at both of these
in a little bit in an extra task.
And let's look at what it's J s ex.
So Js eggs stands for JavaScript XML Sylvia familiar with XML
Um, you know that the structure is very, very similar to x x
x TML. So, um, this kind of form it allows us to return this
whole block as a Java script XML and create X X GMO contents
using this so because it is XML and not html so, one of the
requirement is that you have to have on a pair and closing
tax for for this.
So you cannot just say I'm going to create this attack.
I'm gonna create X x five tack and six tax.
So if you just returned these free elements, you will
generate an error because every all the J JSX have to be
enclosed in a now outside and closing tap.
So that's a very important, um, things you have to remember
eso these little things that are in curly workers.
They're called javascript expressions.
So what they do is they allowed us to insert JavaScript
expressions into our Js X.
So this one, for example, would get evaluated into whatever
this is this variable is in now, JavaScript, that is running
this this part of the code So you can do any of you can
insert anything in this in Java script.
It can be evaluated into something into these curly brackets.
So this is called JavaScript expressions.
So we're looking looking to all this in the next field house
and we're going to practice.
We're going to play with this.
So let's get started.
We'll get our hands on experience studying the next task.
So see you there.